Document how to contribute to the engine specifically. (#55)
godotengine/godot-contributing-docs: engine/introduction.rst

are issues that maintainers think should be good for newcomers.

If you are knowledgeable or interested in a specific :ref:`area <doc_areas>`, you can browse its `bug reports <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/issues>`__
using the associated labels or by looking through `trackers <https://github.com/orgs/godotengine/projects/58>`__.
Some teams also maintain a :ref:`triage project <doc_triage_projects>`. This can be an especially effective way to make
meaningful contributions. Find triage projects linked in :ref:`doc_areas`.

Many contributors are interested in contributing :ref:`improvements or new features <doc_contributing_ideas>`. This
kind of contribution can be more difficult than fixing bugs, because changes need to be evaluated for priority and
complexity, and because they need to receive a healthy amount of discussion before they can be considered for merge.
You can learn more about guidelines for new features in :ref:`doc_best_practices_for_engine_contributors`. New features
also have a lower priority than bug fixes, so they can take :ref:`longer to review <doc_when_will_a_pull_request_get_reviewed>`.

> To find meaningful improvements to contribute, you can look for accepted improvements in :ref:`teams <doc_areas>`'

Author: I added the `the`, but I found that it's actually easier to read / parse if the `'` is not part of the link. Reason being that the next word is also a link.

:ref:`triage projects <doc_triage_projects>`, or you can browse the `proposal viewer <https://godot-proposals-viewer.github.io>`__
to find proposals with community interest. Keep in mind that, until a proposal is accepted, your pull request may not
be reviewed. It can often be better to engage with the proposal discussion before starting work to implement something.

Once you start gaining more experience, you can help with the :ref:`review process <doc_pr_review_guidelines>`. You

> can find pull requests to review by browsing each :ref:`teams <doc_areas>`' review requests and :ref:`triage projects <doc_triage_projects>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can find pull requests to review by browsing each :ref:`team's <doc_areas>` review requests and :ref:`triage projects <doc_triage_projects>`,
```
